In this example the vibrational modes od water molecule are used.

First, Example3_1_Harmonic_L-VCI-S.py, all modes are localized
and harmonic potentials are used in L-VCI-S calculations.
As previously, the frequencies and intensities of the initial
normal modes are restored.

In the second example, Example3_2_Anharmonic_L-VCI-S.py, anharmonic 
1- and 2-mode potentials are calculated for the localized modes 
and used in anharmonic L-VCI-S calculations.

For this purpose in the 'Potentials' directory several scripts 
automatizing the potentials calculation are given.
The idea is to perform grid computations, i.e., the set of 
single-point calculations is divided on many cores, each core
is represented by a distinct directory.

1: Calculate_Potentials.pyadf -- a PyADF script for generating
   structures for 1- and 2-mode potentials, and running single 
   point calculations. 
   Things to setup:
     - V1, V2 = True -- which potentials should be included
     - run_single_point function -- setup settings of the single-point
       calculations (DFT functional, basis set, etc.), see documentation
       of PyADF for details
2: E0.pyadf -- a PyADF script calculating reference energy,
   the energy of the equilibrium structure, cf. formulation 
   of the n-mode expansion.
3: distribute_on_cores.py -- a Python script which generates
   a given number of directories to propagate the potentials
   calculations on many cores. It just creates n directories,
   and in each of them a different part of the single-point
   calculations is computed.
   Usage:
     ./distribute_on_cores ncores jobrunner
     Where ncores gives a number of cores,
     and jobrunner is 'Calculate_Potentials.pyadf'
     By default the single-point energies are stored in
     the 'energies' directory.
4: get_potentials.py -- a Python script for obtaining the 
   anharmonic 1- and 2-mode potentials from the 'energies'
   directory. The user has to set the number of modes and
   grid points manually. The resulting files *.npy are used in
   the L-VCI-S calcualtions in 'Example3_2_Anharmonic_L-VCI-S.py'

!Important:
 - Make sure that the number of grid points, the grid amplitude,
   and the vibrational modes are the same during the calculations
   of the potetnials and in the VSCF/VCi calculations
 - Use the same settings for calculating specific grid points
   and E0 energy
